You're such a little bitch, aren't you?
Grace!
Don't waste your time reasoning with her.
Hey, lose your face.
Why do you even want to go to embarrass yourself?
I mean, let's face it, you can't even afford a dress.
You really don't have to do this to yourself.
Worse, it's at the Sunset Palace.
The CEO owns the resort you idiot.
The Sunset Palace?
Yeah, that places like the definition of luxury.
Actually, you know what, count me in.
Hello?
Dad?
Oh, Grace!
Oh, my beautiful girl, it's so good to hear from you.
You know, your mother and I miss you so much.
Dad, are you still working at the Sunset Palace?
Uh, yeah, I'm actually here right now.
Good.
I need to get me an invite for tonight's gala.